bear
No, no.
Kubeishan, you bastard!
I won't let you go if I'm a ghost
Ah!
Mother
Guo Meichen
Why are you doing this to our Lin family?
Why is that?
Because your Lin family has been used by me
I married you
The picture is the property of your Lin family.
otherwise
How can I sit on the governor so easily?
Position of the army
Every time I think of your father
The one who looks down on me
I can't wait to cut him into pieces
I'm really stupid
Miss your rhetoric
Chunde actually wants to marry you
Only a meteor soaring beast
Qin Jingyuan
court
Before you die
I'll tell you another secret.
You are so determined to marry me
Isn't it because I saved your life?
Now I tell you
It wasn't me who saved you
It's Concubine Li
This drama of the hero saving the beauty
I did it on purpose to show you
You've been lying to me all the time
Ah!
Lin Jingyun, did you understand until now?
The only person my brother Beichen loved from beginning to end was me
You are nothing more than him
It's just a chess piece that goes up.
Don't be so stupid in your next life
Hahahahaha
On your knees you never loved me
Right, right, right?
Gu Beichen
I value everything for you
I didn't expect to be so arrogant at the end of the day
If there is an afterlife
I must let you take care of your family
Blood feud
Today is Grandpa's death day.
You can't make any mistakes.
Otherwise, no matter who it is
Gotta make a home for me
It's Mrs. Zhang
mother-in-law
Am I not dead?
Why did you return to Du Yun Mansion?
Daughter-in-law Qin Huomei visits the old lady
Where did the wild woman come from?
What are you screaming about?
Wu Qi
This is the word Mei I mentioned to you in my letter.
We have known each other since childhood
Recently, I have been in Jiangzhou
We met by chance
privately set the end
present
I want to celebrate the plum
See clearly that the mother's love words did not enter the house
This was over a year ago.
I was reborn a year ago
Plum
It's the opera that Liyuan sells
Madam Gu
My name is Qin Huomei.
Just because the family got attention not long ago
I had no choice but to be reduced to selling songs for a living
As long as the old lady wants
I am willing to serve the old man for the rest of my life
And Sister Lin
In the last life, Mei and Gu Beichen had an affair for a long time
And I was foolish enough to think they were just old times
This life
I will take all the pain I have suffered
Repay you a hundredfold